Chen Zhensheng turns right and wrong
Framing good people
I have seen that the old brother's life was caused by you
Now even his own son is not spared
You're a monster
You are Chen Xiaodao's help brother
None of you can leave today
Get me Chen Xiaodao
This kid didn't expect this to happen all of a sudden
I didn't expect it.
If you toast or eat a fine, I will fulfill you
Wang Shangjun
Master Wang is the living room of our Chen family
My grandfather never cared about you
Why did you betray him?
I didn't betray anyone.
I see Chen Zhengsheng's life
I have always
I am only loyal to Chen Zhengsheng
That being the case
Go to hell.
Get up! What if I don't cook?
How can I explain this to your grandfather?
The little brat doesn't have the same heart as the old man
I don't have you as a son
What is acceptable to you?